Hello display is the grandfather of Xing today will talk about Chiba University Sanfujin psychiatrist determined
Mmmm
We listened to each resident's voice for measures
Also through target value and lightweight off activities policy
Buber in Sinje 5
I wonder if there is on the go easy environment where you want to go claw Te
Hmm
I think it feels good to study
Please to be able to care N workplace rather than force the birth when I got together
Next to the family environment and life environment of your thinking
Support system for the whole song
In fact , I thought about the good from this
I want to do a costume
In terms of 100
After the Education Alien , you are the Tending Doctor.
It is beyond the provisions of the curriculum
For example, a class from an application composition workshop or a medical society with a student ban
The Diet gold, such as patrol together this way it is a facility Pasuwao
bird
Such there was a variety of many
To warm at the time it is the impression of that over received pass went to visit the place of the teacher who does not know anything
I was quite anxious to go, but I can still work here
I could think of it
My goal is stronger together because the science that looks at the heart and four aircraft for a vacation in six days the patient
It is to bring up even one alone
For this purpose, I have found the questions I found in university games or related hospitals
Say University delivered
Discussion to do so kind of rotation to explore the road of resolution we believe it is do Iso
By all means also to everyone of the residents I would like to work hard and we both